---
layout: post
published: true
title: "newsletter-March-3rd-2015"
---

- webpage up & running!
- projects-Asymmetrical Garter Vest & Double Moss Jacket 
- Knit Scene & Interweave Knits Spring editions
- Noro Silk Garden yarn

What’s New !
The Wool & Silk Co. Newsletter  (519)925-6194

Feature Projects:
Asymmetrical Garter Vest – An easy knitting vest done entirely in garter stitch.  With nice soft colour changes it will be your go to vest for the spring time when a sweater is too much but you just need something. Requires 2-3 of  the 200g Marble Chunky to complete. 
Double Moss Jacket(short sleeve) – If you prefer a short sleeve rather than a sleeveless then this jacket is for you!  It takes 3 of the 200g Marble Chunky
and is included in the same pattern booklet.
Free pattern booklet comes with yarn purchase (4 patterns inside).  Project yarn is 15% off.  This offer will continue until March 31st.

New Stuff!
Our webpage is finally up & running. You can find us at:
       www.woolandsilkco.com
Noro Silk Garden has come!  45% Mohair, 45% Silk, 10% Wool.  A lovely aran weight 
     with long colour changes it is perfect for entrelac knitting and lots of other projects.
New colours are here in the Marble Chunky. Some brights for springtime
Knit Scene & Interweave Knits Spring editions

Upcoming Classes:  
Ravelry.com (use it better!) : Mar 3(1-3pm OR 7-9pm)
Cables: Mar 5 (1-3pm  OR  7-9pm)
Fair Isle (Anders sweater): Mar 10 & 24 & Apr7 (1-3pm  OR 7-9pm)
Entrelac: Mar 17 (1-3pm OR 7-9pm)
Intro to Lace: March 19 & 26 (1-3pm)  OR  Mar 31& Mar 14 (1-3pm OR 7-9pm)

Reminder:  Two At a Time Toe-Up Socks  - 2nd part of this class is being taught on March 7th.  Do you have your homework done?