---
layout: post
published: true
title: "Newsletter February 19th 2015"
type: news
---

- new bags & totes
- SS DPN’s 2.5mm-6”
- books including Yarn Harlot
- last week Iced cardigan & 
- sock yarn sale

What’s New !
The Wool & Silk Co. Newsletter  (519)925-6194

New Stuff!
The newest in knitting totes & bags are here. Lots of fresh spring colours & patterns to
      see.
Stainless Steel DPN’s in 2.5mm – 6” size are here for our sock lovers
A few books are here including; 
“Knitting Rules” – Stephanie Pearl-McPhee (the Yarn Harlot). She has, along
       with her wit, her standard sock pattern which is simple and executes beautifully. 
       Lots of great tips & hints here wedged in between the humour.
“the Twisted Sisters Knit Sweaters”  - Lynne Vogel.  An entire book focused on getting 
       your patterns to fit right so they look more professional and showcase all of your 
       hard work!
“In Sheep’s Clothing” – Nola & Jane Fournier.  A Handspinner’s guide to wool.

** LAST WEEK for these offers**
Feature Project:      
Iced Cardigan –A fast knit to keep you cozy. Requires 6-8 skeins of Peruvia Quick to complete. This is a free pattern.  Purchase of yarn for this sweater project is 15% off & we will print the pattern for you! Until February 28th.

Sock Yarn Lovers Sale
   All in stock sock yarns will be on sale, 15% off for the month of February! 

MADELINE TOSH IS HERE !!!
If you haven’t already heard our Madeline Tosh has arrived. In the DK & light weights and lots of gorgeous colours!  Also available are Unicorn tails which offer short 45m strands of the light weight. 

Two At a Time Toe-Up Socks  - Our guest teacher will be coming to do this 2 part class, February 21 & March 7th (10am-12pm) !  You must have knitted a sock previously & know Magic Loop to take this class.   (Cost $40)

Other Upcoming Classes:  
Entrelac: Feb 26 (1-3pm  OR  7-9pm)
Ravelry.com (use it better!) : Mar 3(1-3pm OR 7-9pm)
Cables: Mar 5 (1-3pm  OR  7-9pm)
Fair Isle (Anders): Mar 10 & 24 & Apr7 (1-3pm  OR 7-9pm)
Entrelac: Mar 17 (1-3pm OR 7-9pm)
