---
layout: post
type: current
published: true
title: News
---

Wishing all of our wonderful knitters & crocheters a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!

<strong>Public Safety Announcement</strong>

Christmas is quickly approaching. Don't get caught at home with relatives and no knitting.

Be prepared! Buy your holiday yarn (sanity) now!

<strong>Holiday Hours</strong>

Dec 22: closing at 2pm<br />
Dec 24, 25, 26: closed<br />
Dec 31: closing at 2pm<br />
Jan 1: closed<br />

<strong>Samples Sale</strong>

We have decided to continue our 20% off samples sale until Dec 22nd (closing at 2pm). All store samples that have a yellow tag are 20% off of that tag price. Great Christmas shopping ideas.
Give a beautiful item, hand crafted with loving care.

<strong>Boxing Week Sale</strong>

Thurs Dec 27 to Sat Jan 5 (excluding holiday closures - see above)

It is time again for our annual Boxing Week Sale. With Christmas falling on a Tuesday this year we have decided to extend the sale to Saturday January 5th!

All yarns are 20-60% off

<strong>January Secret Envelope</strong>
As in previous years we are offering a surprise envelope. With a purchase during the Boxing week sale you will select a January discount envelope. Your name will be written on it and it will be retained in the store. When you make a purchase in January 2019 the surprise envelope will be opened. A discount of anywhere from 15% - 50% will be revealed and applied to your purchase. 

- 1 envelope per customer
- 1 discount application use in Jan/19
 
<strong>Time to Sign-up for Winter Classes - Sweaters, Hats, Cowls, Socks & Shawls

By January the rush of the holidays is over and it is time to settle down to some serious knitting!

Note:   We are now offering Saturday Classes !!
To try to accommodate our knitters who are not able to attend classes during the week, we have added Saturday morning dates (10-12am). Not all projects will be available on all days. We have tried to make it as interesting as possible for everyone.

Projects will be 1 - 3 classes in length (please watch your dates)

Some will require knitting homework before the class or a pre-requisite to be able to complete. So please read the project descriptions carefully. 

Prices are all inclusive: 
Yarn (you choose the colour we choose the type),
Pattern
Lesson(s) 
HST is additional 
Needles are not provided or included

<strong>Classes begin January 2019 so make your selections & get signed up now! See Classes page for details</strong>

