---
layout: post
type: current
published: true
title: 
---

<strong>It is Time for the 10 DAYS of Christmas !!</strong>
Yes, you read that right. This year we are going to do the 10 in 10 days instead of 10 weeks.

It's time to enjoy some pre-Christmas savings & fun.
Beginning on Monday September 30th we will be e-mailing you a feature product each business weekday (Mon-Fri), for a total of 10 days.

You can decide whether or not you would like that product and how many you want (some quantities are limited by stock amounts).
Everything is featured at 15% off. 

Get gifts for the knitters on your list or treat yourself to a few things at a good savings!

How it Works:
A simple phone call to the store (519) 925-6194 will reserve your purchase. All items must be paid for in full at that time. Alternately, you may e-mail us with your selection and a contact number. DO NOT send credit card info by e-mail as that method may not be very secure.

You can continue to order from previous days as the program goes along. (example: if it is day 4 you can still order from days 1, 2 & 3).

All items will be bagged & held at the store until the start of pickup on October 21st. Items are not available to you before this date. While we do our best to fill all orders the choices are first come first serve and this may apply to in-stock colours, etc. Items will not be wrapped.


<strong>Day #1 </strong> 
Lykke needle sets 
Interchangeables
5" tips   $ 127.49     (reg $149.99)
3.5" tips  $ 106.25   (reg $124.99)
(grey suede, umber(brown), blue denim)

DPN's   
small sizes  $ 114.75    (reg $134.99)
large sizes   $ 127.49     (reg $149.99)
(grey suede only)

