---
layout: post
type: current
published: true
title: News
---
<strong>Summer Days</strong><br />
Summer is finally here and we are having the full gammut of weather. Sun, rain, wind. Hope you have been able to get in a bit of knitting between your gardening sessions. 
We have been open at the shop for about 3 weeks. It has been so wonderful seeing all of your familiar faces! We have restocked the shelves and there are lots of new spring yarns available. 

(Please note that hours & days are reduced for now)

<strong>Hours will be: Tues - Sat:  10am-3pm every day  (no evenings)</strong>

A few changes are coming starting this Friday (June 12th) as there is a regional Step 2 opening happening. Dufferin County has implemented additional regulations and we must comply.

Please read these rules carefully.

New Store Protocols:
1) for the safety of all of our customers: do not visit the store if, you have a cough, fever, have been exposed to a COVID-19 patient, or have a person in your household who may have been exposed. Staff may ask you at the door.

2) The wearing of a mask is now mandatory. Our staff will be wearing masks while interacting with customers. Please come in supplied with your own mask. 

3) there will be a limit of 3 customers in the store at any time. Please check before entering

4) social distancing (keeping 6ft from others) will be maintained in the store

5) upon entry you will be given hand sanitizer

6) please limit yarn handling to items that you are intending to purchase

7) payment will be limited to:  Tap (Interac, Visa, M/C). Cash is not being accepted at this time

8) the washroom will be for staff use only. Please plan ahead & do not ask us. Thank you.

Please adhere to the above rules & regs as we do not wish to be fined (It's $5000 !!) or shut down. Thank you so much for your consideration.

- Sit & Knit's, classes & trunk shows are not returning yet  
- no returns will be accepted (this may continue for some time)
- no one-on-one project help - we just can't be that close, and handle someone else's work for what it takes to assist you

Not everyone will be comfortable with in-store shopping and of course we will continue to offer <a href="http://woolandsilkcoshop.com/">Wool & Silk Co - Online Shopping</a>

(Best method for ordering)
- curbside pickup
- pickup at my home
- telephone ordering  (519) 925-6194
